README.md, before:

# Color me surprised (°.°)

Oh? You're a developer huh?

So, you must like coding right?

Well, why don't you\
67 65 74 20 62 61 63 6b 20 74 6f 20 69 74 20 74 68 65 6e

Jk jk, I made this theme with Callibrity's colors just to see what's it like.\
It was pretty fun. And this is technically an extension!\
So now who knows what I might develop next in VSCode!! 😎

Out of one rabit hole and into the next, love,

### Ivan _the not so terrible_ ❤️

## Screenshots

Active, Open Solution
![Active Solution](./images/ActiveOpenSolution.png)

No Solution
![No Solution](./images/NoSolution.png)

## <u>Developer Notes</u>

To create this, I needed to follow [this guide](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/extension-guides/color-theme#create-a-new-color-theme).

Essentially you need these two tools:

`npm i -g yo generator-code` to create the project\
`npm i -g @vscode/vsce` to build the VSIX file

Once you've made changes, you'll need to `vsce package` to build the VSIX file.\
Use `code --install-extension .\callibrity-theme-0.0.1.vsix` to install it within VSCode.

To use this within Visual Studio, see the following video from Microsoft: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Gwqr5uuBt4

Yes, those are their instructions.\
There is an open source tool they're pointing you to use to basically side load the theme. Ridiculous.

It's literally formattting and color schemes. How could they have gotten this so badly wrong :eye-roll:

## **Enjoy!**

Commit message:

Updated notes to include installation and links

README.md, after:

# Color me surprised (°.°)

Oh? You're a developer huh?

So, you must like coding right?

Well, why don't you\
67 65 74 20 62 61 63 6b 20 74 6f 20 69 74 20 74 68 65 6e

Jk jk, I made this theme with Callibrity's colors just to see what's it like.\
It was pretty fun. And this is technically an extension!\
So now who knows what I might develop next in VSCode!! 😎

Out of one rabit hole and into the next, love,

### Ivan _the not so terrible_ ❤️

## Screenshots

Active, Open Solution
![Active Solution](./images/ActiveOpenSolution.png)

No Solution
![No Solution](./images/NoSolution.png)

## Installation

To install, go to Releases, find the VSIX file and download that.\
Use `code --install-extension .\callibrity-theme-0.0.1.vsix` to install it within VSCode.\
Then, with VSCode open, you can do any of the following:

- go to the extension and click "Set Color Theme"
- use the CTRL + K, CTRL + T shortcut to select the "Callibrity" theme from the list
- use the Command Palette (CTRL + SHIFT + P) to search for Themes and select the "Callibrity" theme from the list

## <u>Developer Notes</u>

To create this, I needed to follow [this guide](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/extension-guides/color-theme#create-a-new-color-theme).

Essentially you need these two tools:

`npm i -g yo generator-code` to create the project\
`npm i -g @vscode/vsce` to build the VSIX file

Once you've made changes, you'll need to `vsce package` to build the VSIX file.\
Use `code --install-extension .\callibrity-theme-0.0.1.vsix` to install it within VSCode.

To use this within Visual Studio, see the following video from Microsoft: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Gwqr5uuBt4>

Yes, those are their instructions.\
There is an open source tool they're pointing you to use to basically side load the theme. Ridiculous.

Basically, you'll want to clone this repo and follow the instructions: <https://github.com/microsoft/theme-converter-for-vs>

It's literally formattting and color schemes. How could they have gotten this so badly wrong :eye-roll:

## **Enjoy!**
